we were inside the school and as you can
see the classrooms are empty only the
grade 12s were writing exams today the
rest of the kids were sent home because
of the amount of trauma that they
experienced at the shooting we've also
learned how that the bully appears to
have a history and that the school was
trying to speak to his grandmother to
try and resolve it somehow the school
was addressing some of the behavioral
problems that the child was experiencing
and we were working with the grandmother
to address this we also spoke to a
couple of children from the school that
couldn't be named but some of them said
that the bully deserved everything that
came to him others said no matter what
he did to other pupils nobody deserves
to die like this
there was a nice boy and the boy that
shoot him
is the boy that when I'm going to try
that she-she-she such as and I don't
know why she deserves you to die
even if you are the guy who is dead he
he did bad things that's it it was not
like he didn't deserve to die like that
Eyewitness News also caught up with the
mother of the pupil who did the shooting
once again we can't name her because
she's still coming to court and because
of the safety of her child we are going
to protect her identity but she said
that she could never have expected this
she was a quiet child who came home and
played computer games and she was
adamant that the safe was locked and
that the gun was safely stored there I
was keeping it safely in the house in
the face in fact when the police came
and found anything have you got any idea
how you could have got access to it I
don't what is absolutely clear that the
Department of Education will now have to
do some serious soul-searching in terms
of bullying at this school and across
the province and exhale EC from
Eyewitness News phosphorus
Eyewitness News in touch into and
independent for the latest log on to e
WN door coz a or e WN movi